---
layout: post
subtitle: what have i been doing?
---

I've reached this weird space in my exploratory testing where I think I know what I'm looking for, but I'm coming up short and thus I feel like I don't know what I'm looking for. An exploratory dry spell, if you will.

In the meantime, I'm still working on my PortSwigger Academy path. I've completed most of the SQLi labs, and as a way to test myself I'll randomly do a "mystery test", which is really them giving you a lab with no context and you having to figure it out. I really enjoy those because anything can happen but also I've already completed it, so I know I should be able to handle it again. I'm currently working my way through the Authentication labs and understanding the ideas of brute forcing login attempts and bypassing 2FA. Aside from testing, I feel like this is just good knowledge to know in general. It's one thing to hear about certain vulnerabilities, but to be able to go through the process yourself gives you a different appreciation of the folks working hard to protect our data.

One thing I'm having trouble with is figuring out what note app I should use. I started things off with my iPad mini using GoodNotes 5. I love it, but my eyes are wandering towards Obsidian and Notion. I started using Notion for work, which is great. However, I want a blend of GoodNotes and Obsidian where I can see how my notes are connected to each other. A lot of the topics I've learned overlap in some way. It would be nice to see how the link to one another.

Also, I think I'm going to change this website up. I like this current template, but because it's so dark, I don't find it inviting. I'm thinking about migrating over to -> https://html5up.net/editorial. We'll see what happens.