---
layout: post
subtitle: New Rank
---

Now that I've gotten into the groove of testing weekly, I've been upgraded to Silver. At this point, I've somewhat stopped focusing on my previous [Test or Flop](https://trobbierob.github.io/2022/12/27/test-or-flop-s1-e1.html) goals, and just dove into stretching my testing muscles. 

Occasionally, I go back to reading some of the UTtest articles geared towards newbies to remind myself of bad testing habits and things to make life easier for my QA counterparts. I really want to refine how I create steps to bug reports to make sure that I'm clear and concise. I've also started being more intentional with naming screenshots and videos that I take as evidence when I submit bug reports. Fortunately that's also translated into me naming screenshots at work and in my personal life so that they're easy to organize and discard. Seeing hundreds of "Screen Shot 20XX-XX-XX at XX.XX.XX PM" filling up my Downloads folder was becoming a little much. I don't know about you, but my Downloads folder is like screenshot graveyard. It's like I know I need to get rid of them, but I still have a chance to dig them up if necessary.

In this past week I did my usual passive payment testing, an early morning check of a price change launch of a streaming service, and a check of adding additional security to a main profile after creating a child's account on the same device.

> #### Bug of the Week
>
> ##### ACTION PERFORMED
>Prerequisites:
> - User is logged into their account
>
> ##### Action Performed:
> - From the Homepage, hover over the Profile and select "Account"
> - Select "Billing History"
> - Click the date of the most recent charge
>
> ##### EXPECTED RESULT
> When the user views the invoice for XXXXXX, the price, the net amount and the order total should be the same.
>
> ##### ACTUAL RESULT
> When the user views the invoice, the price of XXXXXX is $XX.99. No taxes are charged, but the net amount and the order total are $XX.99 without an explanation of the extra $X.

On the overnight testing, we were verifying that pricing had been updated properly for the service. Essentially you sign up for an account and verify that you're not given any conflicting information about the existing or new plans. My sign up flow went great and I thought about stopping there. I mean, as far as I could tell there was no other way to go about the path to view any price changes. Then, I thought to myself, what else do I have access to as a customer? Sure, I signed up for something that costs X amount, but what if my invoice says otherwise? And that's where I found my issue. 

I've also received the hat and shirt from my [coupon code](https://trobbierob.github.io/2023/09/19/coupon-codes.html) finding. 